the following is a non-profit fan-based
parody Dragon Warrior Dragon Warriors II
and Dragon Warrior GT are all owned by
Funimation toh animation Fuji TV and
Akira Toriyama please support the
official release since the
michelson-morley experiment effectively
discredited the theory of luminiferous
aether one can logically conclude that
it is always nighttime all around the
internet furthermore since I refuse to
acknowledge any of my interplanetary
viewers I say to you good evening
everyone in the world and welcome to my
newest and probably dumbest let's
freakin play production Dragon Warrior 6
land of illusion is a fanciful tale of
Kings swords cunning finding your
daughter Cheryl gambling alcoholism
fairies milk dragons women's suffrage
pirates ice cream monks swords and
Dragons this of course is all purely
speculation since I've never actually
played this game before but the point is
that it's definitely a Dragon Warrior
game expect me to make lots and lots of
terrible jokes before we begin I would
like to apologize for not thinking of a
creative and humorous name for our
protagonist I instead opted to choose
the don't care default on the account of
being restricted to just four characters
you will most likely want to choose a
fast message speed since the popularity
of the number two has greatly diminished
over the past year it can be procured at
a bargain price we find our heroes
resting near a calm campfire the lullaby
of crickets over the rhythm of a
crackling flame distills the harsh
tension of the violent storm like a
string quartet on the sinking Titanic
they are suddenly startled awake and
they immediately spring to their feet
alert and poised to greet imminent
danger with a drawn blade they are fully
prepared to fight to the death at the
first sign of a threat they are
absolutely wide-awake and not sleeping
even just a little
the dude laying down is just stretching
guys yes this is most certainly
happening in the meantime why don't we
oh the blue haired thing rises to find
that his ankles are missing his
ambiguously gendered cohort asks a
poorly constructed question that you
cannot choose to ignore it is obvious
that your friend doesn't understand your
response so he or she abruptly changes
the topic of conversation
suddenly a negligible character stops
all over your lawn the programmers
seemed to have accidentally given him
lines it appears that this portly
Punchinello was an expert at confirming
whether something is a castle or not the
man has also determined that you are
well rested and orders your tactical
deployment before the seated warrior
says something redundant the group
recalls that you've traveled long and
hard to arrive at this mysterious place
I would like to assure all my loyal fans
that long and hard is the only way we do
anything here at LFP LLC and if you
haven't guessed it already this one line
of dialogue is the sole reason I chose
to narrate Dragon Warrior 6 it was a
deal breaker ok once again the
mysterious stranger speaks out of turn
and the other two actors must improvise
to maintain the message of the scene the
handsome woman then fails to mention
that losing the fight will eliminate
your team from the playoffs this is it
this is the moment of truth you pick up
your sword and you pick up your shield
and you pick up your guitar and you pick
up your bow and arrows and you pick up
the pace and you pick up your cellular
device did I mention you're an octopus
our indecisively environmentally
friendly hero heroically douses the
flames with his own urine it's super
effective even despite the alcohol in
his pee venturing out onto an open cliff
reveals a melancholy panorama our party
perches atop the summit of the aggro
crag among the stratosphere despite the
mountains position relative to the
clouds it appears that this particular
ecosystem accumulates enough rainfall to
sustain copious vegetation from its
pocket the female dude produces the
mandolin of manliness in an obvious
attempt to counteract its feminine
appearance it then jeopardizes the
party's entire adventure by throwing it
into the air next to a steep 4,000 foot
drop like a fucking idiot
the Aria of aviation summons a
weird-looking bird in the blink of an
instant
none of our party members quite know how
to safely fly this peculiar creature but
we'll be damned if we have to take the
stairs to the rooftop cocktail party
because fuck stairs I would also like to
point out that this is one of the few
times you will ever see an RPG character
jump the creature upon which our heroes
are traveling belongs to the tillow
Gnaeus squab ulis genus of columbidae
Dragons this type of dragon is commonly
known as the taxi dactyl what
distinguishes this majestic lizard from
the common red-eyes caucasian flying
mountain wyvern is its ability to
regenerate dismembered limbs and its
affinity for red wine also it's not
white our hero's circle aimlessly while
the GPS searches for a signal the
scary-ass music in the background
indicates that some scary ass shit is
about to go down the camera tilts
downward to capture the layout of the
Archfiend Muto's casino as it turns out
hopping on the dragon wagon saved our
party from having to fight its way
through like five different towers also
look at all those goddamn stairs we
skipped it's good because mmm fuck
stairs now why don't we drag this shut
out for a few more seconds and then fade
to black because thou damnit the eerie
suspense is channeled into an ominous
day crescendo and the screen becomes
dark as balls well you know what they
say once you go black you oh you regain
consciousness in the hallway of an
abandoned Holiday Inn your party members
are dancing with fear your dungeon
master apprentice reports that obvious
exits are forward more forward the
delicate yet robust aroma of monsters
titillates your olfactory senses you
then giggle quietly to yourself at the
word titillate since the archways
leading through the corridor are so
narrow it can be assumed that there are
no fat people beyond this point this is
a huge relief one time I swallowed a
penny
next our trio traverses the sumo
wrestling arena trembling with
anticipation for what may lie ahead
since there is absolutely nothing of
interest for which to provide commentary
I would like to take this opportunity to
pause for station identification
you're watching karma jolts let's
freakin play Dragon Warrior six land of
illusion and you're enjoying it way too
much tell your friends the group
assembles just outside the chamber of
the Archfiend Muto who I hear is a
pretty nice guy foolishly enough not one
of our heroes takes the initiative on
discussing any sort of strategy for the
upcoming battle the guy we don't care
about says something with the word ass
in it and now it's show time the party
knocks on the door and enters our heroes
find themselves in a place with things
steve posits and other stupid inquiry
about the type and classification of the
room judging by the swirling colors and
the overwhelming sensation of being
surrounded by water I would guess that
it's a hallucinogenic mushroom and
Michael tries to confuse viewers at home
with a double negative it's not very
uneffective the trio can no longer
resist the urge to dance and they
understand all too well that one must
get up to get down in all seriousness
they're probably going to die or
something an unknown force perhaps the
force draws these honky-ass cracka fools
towards the center of the room and
renders them virtually a mobile
suspended a float in the middle of the
foam pit idiots
the Archfiend Muto ally of straight
lines commits an egregious blunder by
petrifying our adventures before the
battle this increases our entire party's
defense and courage by 169 percent
the trio assumes the scrambled Flying V
formation and summons up the strength of
the entire earth starting with Memphis
Tennessee and if I happen to mention
your current state of residence then
finish your beer now the parabola
villian chants an arcane curse and the
sound effects are adorably terrifying
one by one the protagonists become
violently invisible what will happen to
our heroes next episode the suspense
will keep you on the edge of your seat
and the balls of your feet stay tuned
for the next exciting episode
you forgot to cite your source error or
grinding the disappearing acts